Saturday night has arrived. And Saturday night belongs to Snick. Stay tuned.
Around the country, mall sales turn shoppers into attacking demons,
grabbing at anybody who gets in their way.
Thanks to home shopping clubs, consumers don't have to put up with rude people,
long lines and crowded malls anymore.
With the convenience of shopping from their home or office,
club members can buy gifts for themselves, loved ones and even friends.
And through the club's delivery direct service,
these shoppers can send their gifts to anyone, anywhere.
So leave the unruly crowds behind.
Call the club where shopping is easy.
He'll prevent child abuse.
Check line 28 or 54 on your Oregon tax return
and give to the Children's Trust Fund of Oregon.
Is this the cookie yet drunk?
For as much frosting as you want?
So how do you do your Dunkaroos?
The stunger is stunger, Dunk.
The big wind-up dunk.
Can Dunkaroos win as much chocolate vanilla frosting as you want?
So how do you do your Dunkaroos?
The two-fisted.
I mean three-fisted, Dunk.
That's sweet.
Like that kitty.
Yes, let Kellogg's smacks be part of your complete breakfast.
Here you go.
Who's there?
It's me, Rocky D, with Brox Rocks.
The cool chewy fruity candy that gets you rockin'.
One free and specially marked box of Kellogg's smacks cereal.
Hi, I'm Christina Ricci.
R-I-C-C-I.
And this is True Stories from Famous People.
True Stories from Famous People.
My brothers and sisters call me Squant.
Because when I was really little, I was like three years old.
And I wanted to know about Thanksgiving.
So my mom took me to the library and I read about Squanto the Indian
and about how he helped the pilgrims and everything.
And so I went home and I was like preaching to my brothers and sisters
about how great this person was
and how they should all try to be like him.
And you know, that he was just a sublime human being.
They got really sick of this little me, you know, this little brat
telling them about how wonderful Squanto was.
So for a while they called me Squant P.
And then they sort of broke it down to Squant.
S-Q-U-A-N-T.
You know, I used to be really upset like when they called me Squant,
I was like screaming yell.
No, it's not my name.
But now like my brother's like, you're Squant.
And I'm like, yeah.
Well, perhaps it's you who went back again
talking to the boys and girls in TV lands
and if you want to compete, be a superstar athlete.
Go for the gold and watch what you eat
because if you want to slam thunk like Michael J
you got to eat your fruits and veggies every day.
Let us carrots, broccoli and zucchini
the only way you ever be is avatini.
And so you know, right from the get go
you got to eat right and go like Flo Joe
so take a dip from a kid that's hip
you got to get off and jump and get on the right tip.
Got to get off, got to get off.
Teamed by success, the turtles lost their savages.
Greed is dead.
It's a new breed carved from the streets.
Concrete fist, batter, alien flesh.
One on one.
As power joins forces with rage
ripping through fear
and no one sheds a tear for mutilated mutants.
Giant warriors crushed by streets of turtles
who have shed soft shells
for a high dose of reality
in Konami's tournament fighters.
Now there is an in-home phonics reading program
for children and adults that was created
by dedicated teachers.
It's called You Can Read.
Other phonics reading programs use audio cassettes
but You Can Read teaches with video cassettes
to utilize sight and sound, color and motion
and allows the learner to work with
or without assistance.
For more information about You Can Read
it comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee
that You Can Read.
Call 1-800-531-READ.
Bullseye.
Okay, was that natural talent
an acquired skill or just plain luck?
You decide.
You know, some things you're born good at,
some things you get good at
and sometimes you have goodness thrust upon you.
Here's an example of natural talent.
My talent for shutting up my motor mouth for other.
Hey, what are you doing?
You know, when you fold socks,
the top part gets all stretchy.
It's a much better way to do that.
I thought everybody knew that.
First, you put them together.
Then you smooth them out.
Then you fold them over.
Then there are acquired skills.
You know, the stuff that you actually have to work on
to get good at, it's like knowing what to say
when your dad presents his latest architectural wonder.
I call it sneakers to go.
What do you think?
Gee, Dad, it's really...
unique.
Finally, there's that old standby.
Hello.
Good old fashion luck.
I guess the point is, whether it's a gift,
a skill, or just plain old luck,
when you've got it,
you've got it.
The only question is, how do you get it back?
Okay, I know this may sound odd,
but for some strange reason,
out of the blue, I've discovered the flute.
I guess I mean rediscovered.
It wasn't always this way.
It all started two years ago
when I had to take home echo band.
Some choice.
They didn't even have the instruments that I really wanted.
Ah, clearly, so we are out of trombones.
I don't shoot right.
The flute.
I was assigned the wimp of the woodwind section.
While I could only produce sounds,
no one could hear.
No one on two legs, anyway.
But after steady practice,
I found myself today at 2 p.m.
in Mrs. Doppelgeuse's music class.
All of a sudden, it felt good.
Really good.
Clarissa, that was beautiful.
Oh, you have made a real breakthrough.
Now, we are going to have to do something
with this amazing talent
that you have been hiding.
So now Mrs. Doppelgeuse
has me performing a solo in the school recital next week.
The weird thing is,
I'm really psyched about it.
It used to be I hated going to those things,
forget about being in them.
Still lately, I've been getting some strange thrill
at hitting those high notes, and I don't care who's watching.
Clarissa?
What kind of music are you listening to?
Yeah, I thought that was a CD.
You're getting really good, Clarissa.
Clarissa.
Oh, hi, Sam.
Didn't you notice me?
I guess not. I was playing, and something clicked, I guess.
I'll say, but classical.
I know.
Who'd have thought that guys in Wigs 300 years ago
could write music so cool?
Okay.
Well, I just came over to give you back
your 10,000 Maniacs tape,
but it sounds like your taste in music is changing, so...
Not so fast, Sam.
My taste in music is expanding, not changing.
You can't blame me for trying.
Just because I'm really into playing the flute
doesn't mean I'm giving up guitars.
Hey, Mom, what's that?
Remote control for the toaster?
The best thing our appliance is for EMS.
EMS?
The only appliance you're going to hear E-M-F on is the radio.
Besides, they haven't had a new album out in a while.
E-M-F's electromagnetic field?
I knew that.
Some people think too much E-M-F exposure
can pose a health risk,
and we were talking about the museum, so I thought I'd check it out.
Ah, so...
so the toaster might be killing me?
Well, I doubt it.
But it would be nice to know we lived in a non-toxic environment.
Non-toxic? You mean we're sending Ferguson away?
Mom, I haven't to be testing for E-M-F,
something I'm sure you've heard nothing about.
I saw them live.
Sure, so I'll let you know.
E-M-F stands for...
Electromagnetic fields.
So, Mom, how much do one of these E-M-F detector things go for?
Well, I borrowed this one from the Chilling's Museum,
but I think they cost a couple hundred dollars.
Ooh, the neighbors really should know about this,
but they can't be expected to shell out
a couple hundred bucks a piece.
Why should the neighbors pay
for their own E-M-F testing kits?
What an expert can test their homes for them.
And who might that expert be?
Hmm, I don't know.
I haven't given them much thought.
Me.
Oh, if you could start a neighborhood E-M-F watch.
Hmm, I wonder how much you should charge as a fee.
Oh, Ferguson.
Well, rest of Mrs. Dogg will do call about your flute solo.
That's wonderful news.
Yeah, usually I don't do that kind of thing,
but this should be fun.
I'm playing this really cool piece by Bach.
Ooh.
Did I just use the words cool
and Bach in the same sentence?
It's happening to me.
So, you're finally starting to enjoy the flute, huh, sport?
Yeah, Dad, it was the weirdest thing.
It was like two years of practice
finally kicked in.
My breath control, my fingering, my phrasing,
they all worked together.
Usually I'm lucky to get two out of three.
Her teacher said she has a real gift.
Oh, well, that makes sense.
Musicability runs in the family.
I mean, I was a pretty fair drummer back in college
to play the drums.
Beat them to death is more like it.
He said it was releasing aggression.
No, that was the name of the band.
If only I'd stuck with it.
I would've put Ringo out of a job.
I'm kind of glad Dad didn't stick with it.
Why is that, Clarissa?
Because then we'd have to deal with a new kind of EMF,
entertainment by middle-aged fathers.
Sure, Sam, come by.
I'll just be practicing my solo.
Okay, see you later.
Okay, I've put aside the whole morning
I figure if I memorize it today,
I can just walk out on stage,
no music, and just play.
That'll blow them away.
All I need is one major morning of total focus.
Undisturbed, uninterrupted.
Hey, Sport.
I, uh,
I brought you something I'd like you to have.
What's that, Dad?
Oh, some sheet music back from when I was a musician.
Yeah, we did some wicked Jethro Tell covers back then,
and there's some stuff for the flute in there.
Great.
You're so excited about your music
that they just see you hang it up like I did,
so, you know, maybe if you really stick with it,
you could hit the big time, huh?
Be the first darling to win a Grammy.
Whoa, Dad, slow down.
I don't even have my first gold record yet.
It's just a school recital.
Well, I just never know where it could lead.
Where did Mozart get his start?
Playing for the crowned heads of Europe.
Well, yeah, I mean,
that was sort of an 18th century version
of the school recital.
No pressure there.
Just top Mozart.
Jethro Tell.
Who's he?
Oh, sort and drop, but I just had to tell you, though.
Guests who Mrs. Doppel do invited to the recital.
Jethro Tell.
Close.
Zoe Vanzinia Zanza?
Madam Zoe Vanzinia Zanza?
She's the best flute instructor in the state.
You know, she only takes one new student a year,
and some of her students have gone on to play
for teachers in the country.
What's she want to see me for?
Well, she'll be there to hear the whole recital,
but I don't know how she could miss you
performing the evening's only flute solo.
Yeah, that would be kind of hard, wouldn't it?
Wow. I guess I'd better start practicing already.
Mom, I'm not quite ready for an audience.
Oh, sorry.
I'll wait till the concert.
Recital.
What's wrong with the word concert, Clarissa?
Well, a concert is big and scary.
Recital is intimate and manageable
and playing in a recital.
Just let me know if you need anything.
I will.
Madam Zinia Zanza?
I better work hard if I want to impress her.
Do I want to impress her?
Well, I better work hard.
Hey, Clarissa.
What's wrong?
You don't look too glad to see me.
It's not you, Sam. It's Madam Zinia Zanza.
Is she here?
Funny.
Is this a bad time?
I better go.
You know everyone's talking about this concert.
Recital.
Whatever. It's the biggest thing
since weird I played at the school.
Everyone's talking about it like everybody, everybody?
Everybody. You better practice.
See you, Clarissa.
Thanks, Sam. I'll call you later.
Gee, I hadn't planned on being such a hot ticket.
Still, I can see it now.
Me, my flute, and my adoring public.
Okay. One more time.
Forget about the encore.
Forget about memorizing.
First, I have to remember how to play.
More Clarissa.
More Snick.
After this.
This February, Nickelodeon is taking ordinary afternoons
and making them legendary
because now legends of the hidden temple
is on every weekday.
This rock is ready to roll.
Face the temple's challenges,
ponder the ancient riddles,
and see ordinary kids live out legendary adventures
every single solitary weekday afternoon.
The temple beckons.
Heed the call.
And let Nick make your afternoon's legendary
on Legends of the Hidden Temple
starting next month at 534-30 Central
only on Nickelodeon.
From Walt Disney Pictures,
when Preston Waters got a blank check,
he did something everyone dreams of doing.
One million dollars.
He cashed it.
Now, he's buying the coolest car,
the neatest toys,
and a whole lot of trouble.
Preston!
Disney's blank check.
For further notice, you're crowned.
Let's like party till we die.
Rated PG.
Sneak preview February 5th and 6th.
Super Bowl Weekend at Vancouver Furniture.
Four days of super low prices.
Serious savings on the good stuff you want for your home.
Furniture.
Mattresses and accessories.
Bring your family for free popping cookies
plus free espresso coffee drinks.
No sales today.
No money down.
No payment.
No interest till July.
Free delivery.
Portland to Longview.
You see, Vancouver Furniture has a secret.
We have more fun than Portland stores.
For watching...
And now, back to Clarissa Explains It All.
This is ridiculous.
The recital is in two days.
It's a piece I know I can play,
but every time I try, all that comes out is...
And the pressure is building like nobody's business.
Dad's already invited everyone I've ever known since preschool.
Plus everyone he's ever known since preschool.
And if that's not enough pressure,
my mom has opened up a savings account
to make a down payment for master lessons
with that Madam Zinnia Zanz.
If she accepts me as a student.
Meanwhile, I haven't even made it through the solo once.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa. I hope I'm not interrupting.
Nothing to interrupt.
You still can't play?
It's like trying to look to 10 ton boulder with my breath.
And it's not like I haven't been trying.
I've been playing for hours.
I mean, look at my hands.
What's the problem?
I can't seem to get my fingers unfrozen.
I think it's all the pressure.
Well, I guess it wouldn't be a great time to have more than...
But...
But what?
My dad told me that the guy who reviews
for the local entertainment section is reviewing the concert.
Sorry, recital.
Great.
Is there anything I can do to help?
Sure, just break both my arms and tell Mrs. Doppel
Okay, I can't ask you to lie.
Just push me.
So what do you think the problem is?
Simple, Sam, I must have been in the zone
and now I've fallen out of it.
You were in the zone?
That's what made you play solo?
I can't think of any other explanation.
My brain just went to that one place
where I couldn't seem to make a mistake.
So that's where you were that day I came in
while you were playing.
You didn't even know I was there.
I guess I was.
Goodness.
One weekend ever again?
Not like that.
My dad says he sees an athlete all the time.
Too bad.
Too bad what?
It's just something uncontrollable, isn't it?
I mean, you just have to wait until you get there again.
Sam, I don't have time
to wait for an invitation from the zone.
In two days I have to give a concert.
Recital.
See how it's getting to me?
What can you do?
There must be a way.
If the zone won't come to me,
then I'll come to the zone.
Hey, sport. What you doing?
Oh, you know that sneakers-to-go store.
Well, it needs more space, so
I'm designing the left shield.
What are you going to do if they need to expand again?
I'll put a pump on it.
So, what do you need?
Actually, dad, I was just wondering if...
I just did an electromagnetic reading
on the silver steins.
They are inches away from total
EMF meltdown.
Well, what exactly does that mean, Ferguson?
It's head-to-the-hill property values of plummeting.
Okay, son.
I just got a call from Edna's super-student.
She's very upset. What did you tell her?
Exactly what she needed to know, Mom.
Her EMF levels are beyond toxic.
All they got to do is flip on their hair, dry her,
and it could vaporize the neighborhood.
She's called everyone on the block.
They're all in a panic.
No one should fear the truth, Mom.
Are you sure you're operating that device correctly?
Yes, Dad's lamp.
Dad, you're flying with your very eyes.
I thought my hands felt a little tingling.
Well, it would be a hundred
if it wasn't for this little tiny decimal point
right here.
1.00?
That's in the safe range.
Yeah, probably just writer's grant.
Nice move, Mr. Edison.
Come on, Ferguson.
Where are we going?
We're going back to the silver steins
to straighten this out right now.
If Hebrew masters the higher brain functions,
he could be dangerous.
So, what did you need, sport?
You got any old incense lying around?
Incense?
Oh, gee, I'm not sure.
I've got a bunch of junk here in the cabinets,
and there might be some, but I doubt it.
What do you need incense for?
Well, I was just practicing the flute
and I was having a little trouble concentrating.
So, what's the incense supposed to do?
Well, I thought maybe it would help me
get back into the zone.
The zone?
I hit the zone once.
Back in 67.
Wow, Dad, what was your calling? Music, poetry?
Stamping. Stamping?
Stamping. Can goods, the grocery store.
Yeah, I was just another summer job
or so I thought.
I was in charge of stamping all the prices
on all the stuff. That's when you hit your zone?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I was just stamping away, you know.
49 cents, 49 cents,
49 cents from all of a sudden.
I hit a bean and bacon soup can
right in the middle. Really?
I mean, dead center, and then I did it again
and again and again. I couldn't stop.
I was a 49 cents stamping machine.
I nailed every can in that place.
Ah, felt great.
Then what happened?
I got fired. What for?
Well, you know, I'd labeled everything 49 cents.
Boss lost a fortune.
And I never found my way back to the
zone again.
Well, I don't think
there's any incense in here to support.
You can go check the attic if you want.
No, thanks. I think I'm going to try something else.
Good luck.
Look, Dad, looks the last thing I'm relying on.
If I want to get back into the zone,
I'm going to have to take the scientific approach.
Okay.
Only one more day to the performance
and it looks like it's time for me to take the clinical
approach. I've isolated all the major elements.
Now I'm ready to compare
and contrast the three known zone experiences.
Theoretically speaking, there should be
one common thread that unites them all.
First,
Sam's unexplained foosball phenomenon.
Location, the why.
Environment, intense competition.
Atmospheric conditions,
smell of sweat socks.
Case number two,
Marshall Darling in his stamping stampede.
Location, the grocery store.
Environment, minimum wage.
Atmospheric conditions,
inky.
Case number three,
my fleeting fluid ability.
Location, music class.
Environment, this period.
Atmospheric conditions, harmonious.
What do these three zoning experiences have in common?
Nothing.
Science is a big fat bust.
They could put a man on the moon,
but they can't get me out on a school auditorium stage.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa. How's the scientific approach to zoning?
Well, I'm still collating data
and the results are inconclusive.
Which means?
I'm getting nowhere.
I might as well just go and get this over with
so everyone can forget it.
That could happen if there's a fire in the school library.
What do you mean?
You know Dennis Krugtrotter?
The audio or visual nerd?
Sam, he's not.
He is videotaping the whole recital
for posterity in the school library.
He'll be immortalized.
Oh, no. That's just great.
Now, anytime anyone has a free period,
you can go to the library stacks, cram me into a VCR
and watch me over and over and over again.
Talk about eternal embarrassment.
I've got an idea.
Let's go for a walk.
What? Sam, now?
Hey, it'll help you clear your head.
You've been cooped up in here too long to find your zone.
Well...
The great outdoors have inspired artists for generations.
Thoreau, Van Gogh, Rambo...
Well, I guess it's worth a shot.
But I'm taking my flute with me.
Who knows?
Maybe a little bit of freshener will make finding my zone a breeze.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Eight, nine, ten.
All right. Ten in voices.
Ten neighbors.
Multiplied by ten bucks apiece.
Looks like Mr. Van Franklin's coming to our house.
Burgface, what are you doing?
Hey!
Congratulations. Your home has been registered E. M. F. free
by a nearly certified electromagnetic particle wave technician.
That's you.
That's you that's me. Hey somebody had to do it do what you mean you actually went to every house in this block with mom's
Electromagnetic thingy. I was much more comprehensive than that. I did a sweep from the backyard. I
saved the
Tell me that isn't worth ten bucks
Come on Sam. Let's go find a Ferg for his own
Well getting out of the house didn't get me out of my flu problem
I tried looking for inspiration in a bunch of different locations, but everything was just a little off key
First I got my act together and took it on the road. Well the front yard anyway
I found a face full of nature
So then I went further to find my zone in the park. I didn't hit a single high note
But I did make 35 cents so it wasn't a total loss
Finally I gave up on nature and went to the auditorium
What was to be the scene of my public humiliation in less than 24 hours?
I got through my song. It even turns out I've got a fan
Hey, if you like flute playing you ought to come back tomorrow. There's a girl about your age supposed to be playing
And I hear she's really good
Yeah, he hears them good till he hears me play
Hi Sam
Hey, Clarissa sounds kind of quiet up here. Yeah, too quiet. Nothing works Sam. Nothing. I know there's a way back into the zone
I just have to find it Clarissa. We've tried everything. I know it's been awful
I can't even look at this thing anymore. I used to have so much fun just playing
Those were the days
Well day actually so what was different about that day?
Well, nobody had any expectations and I didn't have any expectations. I just hit the zone and I was terrific
You know even when you're not in the zone, you're pretty good
Well, I want to be as good as I can be who doesn't
But maybe it isn't realistic to think I'll always be in the zone
I mean Michael Jordan probably has his off days, but he still suits up, right?
Yeah
So what if I do mess up so what who cares? What are they gonna do shoot me?
I don't think anyone's gonna shoot you Clarissa
I forget about this pressure from my parents and madam Zinnia Zanz and Dennis Krug tried on his video recorder
I don't care about the zone. I'm not playing for anybody
You mean you're not gonna do it. No, I mean, I'm not playing for anybody, but me
We were very proud of you tonight
Didn't you enjoy watching your sister play well, I would have if I didn't have to go around the whole auditorium apologizing to our neighbors all night
Sending bills to our neighbors. Hey, it's time. They learned that public service has a price
You know watching you up there really gave me a thrill sport. Yeah, but it made me think about being a drummer again
Oh Marshall, you don't really think you cut out for the rock and roll lifestyle. Do you know we could do it all together?
I mean the whole darling family we could buy a van make some costumes get the road
Thanks, dad, but I don't think I'm ready to hit the road anytime soon
You're not thinking of giving up the flute. Are you?
No, but from now on I'm just gonna play for myself if the zone wants to find me
It knows where I am
Standby to play slime time live Nickelodeon slime time sweepstakes is coming up now the interactive play-at-home game
Where you got to find who's hidden behind the boxes only one way to find out stay tuned for slime time
Next let's do it to it
The phony phone police on an all-new. Are you afraid of the dark? So keep on snickin
Saturday night Nick
Small kangaroos or wallabies are known to live on their own their natural habitat is
Dense second observe this rare Rocco specimen in his Nickelodeon environment
Every Sunday and Rocco's modern life at 11 30 10 30 central only on Nickelodeon
My girl America's sweetheart is back
And she's at that age oh here comes puberty when friends start acting funny act natural totally natural
Boys start paying attention. Are you suffering from a chemical imbalance and life starts getting interesting?
My girl to I'm 13. Maybe it's about time. I got my own apartment
We did peachy at theaters February 11
Hello, I'm professor Merrick today. We are conducting an experiment to see which is more stimulating
Nickelodeon magazine or a herring just the subject reading Nickelodeon magazine is very amused
entertain while the subject reading the herring is well
To get Nickelodeon magazine have an adult called this number you get nine issues for 14 97 it has features like
Whose news behind the scenes at Nickelodeon?
Interviews with really big stars and a comic book. You can't get anywhere else while the herring just has kind of a fishy smell
Research clearly shows Nickelodeon magazine is a better choice
To get nine issues for 14 97 give this number to the nearest adult and tell them to call and do tell them about today
incredible experiment
On second thought just give them the number
It's pink it's white it's cool and the color stays till you change it back
They're micro machines that change color in warm and cold water get for free and specially marked micro machines vehicle collections
Well supplies last
There's only one way to make the coolest games even cool game gene get this game
Genie's got the secret codes for Mortal Kombat and if you think Mortal Kombat is awesome now
Where do you play with game gene game gene eats sold separately for most video game systems
poetry in motion once long ago
Not so long ago and the story I telling is true. A man take a pan with a hammer in the hand
Cool, so invent something new
What's that ordinary drum in which the oil used to come it didn't make no particular sound
One note maybe two you could be to tell you
I was all it could do for you
So this man take the pan with the hammer in the hand and he stood down there on the ground
And he heat it and he beat it and stretch it and he market and the pan start to make a little sound
Was it the way me and a mirror though that was all he could make it play
But it sounds so take it in the street and what's the first time they hear pan play
That's how the stele pan was born
Go today. Let's pass through our new security system. Thank you. Have a nice day. What do you got your pocket gun?
Did you say gun? No, I said gun. Okay, go on in
Is that an automatic weapon? Yeah, brother for career day. I want to be a postal worker
What's the deal with this thing what you got here to stay to the art
Metal detector, what are you listening to?
Just as I thought heavy metal don't you know this stuff inside violence how to break this walkman over your head
Yo, Adam, what up G? You're not wearing any colors colors
Yeah, you either got to be a crud or a gift G
And that's the only two gangs in this school
Well, I'm not either one and I don't want to be in a gang. You've got no choice
You've got to choose one of the other
Our contestant today is Adam
Crud, what will you do to Adam if he chooses the Gems?
We'll mess him up, wink!
And Gems, what if he becomes a crud?
Oh wait, what if I don't choose either one?
We'll both kick your butt!
Hey look, it's Haley's comment!
Now, Nintendo brings you Super Scary Parties
The exciting new game where you talk to nature from school to your house
Without being mugged or beaten
Alright, give me your sneakers!
Hey, hey, this is great! How many lives do I get?
Just one! That's what makes it so exciting!
It's not just a game, it's your butt!
Made it home
Hey Dad, can I talk to you for a minute?
Sure, if you can do it during the commercial break
What's got your drawers in such a wad?
Well, it's just that there's so much violence at school all the time
What is it with kids these days? Where did he get these ideas?
Well, conversation on hold. Here comes the programming
Welcome to VBS, the violence broadcasting system
Where programming really packs a punch
Tonight on a home shooting network
You can't hide from me, Grandma!
Tonight on the A-bomb team
Where'd I put that dang plutonium fool?
Arson Haw
We're throwing Molotov cocktails at the house
Tonight on Northern Explosion
Boy, it sure is peaceful up here
I'm Burke Pustlberger and here are the day's highlights and sports
In baseball, there was a bench clearing brawl
In hockey, there was a bench clearing brawl
And in World Chinese Checkers Championships
There were a lot of other sports, but there weren't any really good fights
So who cares?
Don't miss 357 Magnum PI and a very special hanging Mr. Cooper
The first Shirley and Ruben take a violent band of singing siblings on the road
In the Carpridge family
Oh, the clock is ticking, Holmes
Don't let me catch you out tomorrow without your color
Well, if I wear the yellow shirt, the gimps will jump me
But if I wear the green one, the clubs will
What am I going to do to stay in fashion and in good health?
Try uncertainties, a cross-colored t-shirt for kids who can't choose sides
Only uncertainties come with a lifetime guarantee
You're money back if you lose your life before your shirt
You little creep, I'll mess you up
Oops
Oh, my mistake, I will mess you up
That's uncertainties from Fruit of the Loot
Because they can't kick your butt when you're sitting on the fence
Hey, kids, what you need is someone to watch your butt
You need the booty guard
Hello, I'm Kevin Costner
An overpaid star with all the acting ability of a piece of pine
I'll protect you
Not with that haircut, chump
I'm a big star
I was in dances with wolves
Looks to me like the wolves have been dancing on your head
Now go on home
Never, because I'm a booty guard
And when you're a booty guard, there are three rules
Never let your guard down
Never let him out of your sight
And never, never let him see you sweat
That's from a deodorant commercial, you twit
Now go on, get out of here
The booty guard, coming soon to a playground near you
These kids today
You can't even go to school without getting shot at
Exactly, school is no place for guns
Guns, guns don't kill people
Bullets kill people
Exactly, school is no place for bullets
Then again, bullets don't kill people
People kill people
It's the kids that are the problem
School is no place for guns
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this
There's a couple of new faces in the midnight side
You all know me
Gary
And Kiki
Frank
And Betty Ann
Meet our new members, Sam
I can tell a killer story
And Tucker
Come on, Tucker
It's an all-new season of
Are You Afraid of the Dark
At 9.30, 8.30 Central
Only on Snick
Tucker
Hi guys
If kids like me took over the world
There wouldn't be any school
Better yet, we'll keep school
But it won't really be like school
Our favorite classes will be gym, recess
And marine biology
Or we'll learn how to save the whales
As long as we're changing the world
Let's change the name to Mick World
Because McDonald's will be the official food
We'll take all-day field trips to Mickey D's
Which random crutchmer will never go on
As he'll be in permanent detention
He picked on me in social studies
And you know, let's get a cool gym teacher for once
Anybody feel a game of horse?
Hey, that could happen
Fearless
Jim Carrey is
Ace Ventura Pet Detective
Yes, yes, yes!
Rated PG-13
Starts Friday, February 4th at a theater near you
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick
Only on Nick!
Thank you, boys!
Hello, class
And welcome to Beginning Art
This semester, in order to be more in touch
With the street
Our class will focus on an art form
You're all familiar with
spray-painting the gym wall
Yo, Ms. Fuggerucker
I just tagged this wall, so...
Well, that's dope, man
That's the wild style
And what did you hit up, Holmes?
What do you think?
Dude, that's so weird
You can actually read it
So you want to do graffiti, but you're flat out lame
Now there's help for the aerosol challenge
Spray-pain by numbers
Just fill in the numbered spaces
And unless you're completely stupid
You'll become the Botticelli of the Big Brick Canvas
Hey, feast your eyes on the spat bomb
Oh, love
Yo, check this out
Spray-pain by numbers
Turns Vex Vandals in a happy hooligan
Bail bombs sold separately
Hey, you, any kid
You better choose
Or you're bound to lose
Say, kid, are you troubled by the violence at school?
Does a bear skip through the woods?
Sounds like you need a panic
I'm not into that sort of thing
I'm talking about the new panic from Scarce Stiff
The life-like decoy that fills your seat
When you've got to hit the street
And it's ready faster than you could say
Chicken
Shit
Told ya
Wow, what a fabulous likeness
Okay, class
Now what is the product of zero
And any integer? Who can tell me?
Right, absolutely nothing
Stop your panicking with the new Scarce Stiff Panic
Maybe I'm taking the coward's way out of this
Maybe I should learn how to protect myself
Greetings, Goss Hopper
How was your day at school?
Oh, Blind Master Moe
I wish I knew how to defend myself
Word, Goss Hopper
I will teach you
But how can you teach me how to fight?
You're as blind as a bat
You'll miss on the fan, Goss Hopper
I will teach you the ancient Chinese
Art of both thinking your way out of a fight
The ancient art of kung fu
Teach me your sight, Miss Moe
As you wish, Goss Hopper
Try to hit me and I will show you kung fu
I think I see the principal coming
I have a contagious disease
I have titles for lunch and I puke like a hydrant
When I'm punched
You are truly a master of the bull stink
This is true, Goss Hopper
I am full of it
Someday you too will learn how to stink at the place
As I do
I don't know
I still don't feel safe
Then listen up
I'm Farmer Jim
And if you like my smoked sausages
Then you're gonna love my Farmer Jim Noon Chucks
Made with the finest quality pig butt
Farmer Jim Noon Chucks give you the protection you need
When you're being picked on at school
Pack them in your lunch and give those weighties a big surprise
These sausages are smoking
And don't forget to pick up some Farmer Jim Ham Grenade
Self defense pork products by Farmer Jim
Pack the lunch, big packs of punch
Pork, it's the other fight meat
Oh geez, I want a word with you young man
Understanding, that's a word with you
Very funny, Principal Bo's called
And said that you haven't been to school for two weeks
Just where have you been going with your books every morning?
Well I've been hanging out in the park
Oh honey, oh I am so disappointed in you
Oh mom, you don't understand
You've gotten too dangerous to go to school these days
Oh, oh well, hey why don't you talk to the principal?
Surely he can help
Whatever you say mom
Principal Bo's, I'm sorry I haven't been to school lately
But you gotta do something about the gang
Excuse me son, did I just see Vice Principal P.V. go by my office?
Yes sir
That lousy gimp, what's he doing on my turf?
That sucker's going down
Principal Bo's, you're a crud
We're at home boy, me and my crud brothers
We'd be bad, bad
Aw
Today it's parents
We should get some discipline
Respect for his country
Kids need to know their parents stand behind them
No matter what
Excuse me, we've got your son here shoplifting
I don't know that kid, never take him before my life
Who is that guy?
Orange couch will sneak again after this
To every kid in school, she's a hero
To every teacher, she's the boss
I'm Brienne Rickerman, I won the Nick takes over your school
So now I'm in charge
The bus pulled up, Mark Summers and Brienne jumped out
The rest of the Nick gang followed their lead
It is official, Nick Gallodion has taken over Marley Middle School
Instead of Jim, they double dared
Mr. Wizard gave a science class
Nick style, and then
Tag Team gave a special Nick takes over music class
And of course, they slide
And slimed
Because Nick is the place for only kids
Yeah
Brought to you by Post-Golden Crisp, cereal, jello brand desserts
And eat at waltz, the game from Milton Bradley
What's in the box? A puppy
Hi pretty girl
Who's inside?
This one's a puppy
I've got a kitty
This one comes with everything shown
So this one really requires each sold separately
Tonka's real power tool shop
Four power tools in one power machine
Four easy to use tools designed to drill
Sand, carve, and cut wood
But not cut youth
With easy to follow plans for lots of easy to make projects
Real power tools
Real cool
You put it together, batteries and safety glasses
Not included rebuilds sold separately
And ready to have a ball at breakfast
With new duck-a-ball from Weedy
Cereal shaped like mini basketball
Duck them in your balls
Wow, let's see that again
Weed and crunchy
Part of a well-rounded breakfast
But don't wait too long
Duck-a-ball is only available for a limited gas
Learn to roundhouse and snick
Only on Knick
Hi, I'm Cindy Kloppick
And this is MTV's Outhouse of Style
Where you're always in the house and never out of style
Everybody knows the gang look is all the rage
So here to tell us about his explosive new collection
Is fashion designer Bill Blast
Bill, you're a Vietnam vet
What's it like taking care of animals in Vietnam?
Let's just talk about my fall collection, okay?
My new line is designed for today's Trigger Happy Society
I call it Bullseye Sportswear
We strategically place bullseye
You decide where they aim
Wear extremities when you want to keep danger away
From vital organs
Blast allows you to take the brunt of the blow
In the tummy part of your body
How about this clever sky cap?
Where they just might miss you altogether
Because after all, if they're going to resort to violence
How bright can they be?
Sportswear and be a hit at school
This edition of Outhouse was brought to you by
Take Cover Girl Makeup and Napalm Olive
You'll love the smell of it in the morning
Hello, I'm bitter film director Spike Lee
I've had to claw my way to the top
That's why I wear Spike Lee press on nails
They're perfect for slicing through bad reviews
Dicing up people who win awards instead of me
And opening up a new can of worms at my movies
It's the nails, it's gotta be the nails
Come on baby, baby, baby, baby, gotta have them
So if you do the right thing, do the spike thing
And get Spike Lee press on nails
Peace
If I could, I've got target practice
Who wants guns?
I do, I do
Introducing violent sugarless guns
Recommended by 4 out of 5 people who use guns
Won't stick to most criminal records
Pute with your mouth closed
So remember, for pure shooting satisfaction
Try violent and sugarless, tasteless and pointless
And now AK Mart offers the newest
And personal safety devices
Just watch the strawman cessation
Up against the wall
And give me all your money
I'll give you this
And again with Gondraware
It's the ultimate and conceals weaponry
With Gondraware, no one can squeeze one off faster than you can
More than just a weapon
Gondraware or Thunderware
Alright, now come on, Junior, concentrate
The ski shooting match is this Friday
Okay, dad, pull
You can, son
Available in rapid backfire and new
Silent but deadly
Gondraware gives new meaning to turning the other kick
Here, if everybody else at school has a gun
I'm not gonna carry one
Me neither
I'm glad I'm not the only one that feels that way
If enough of us got together, we can
Attention, Sid, this is an under-fire drill
Timely, duck and cover
If this were actual gunfire and not a harmless sound effect
What would we do next, hm?
Uh, Thomas, stay low
That's right, there's less smoke down there
And fewer harmful ricochets
What else?
Uh, Barbara?
Superteen
That's right
Running a zigzag makes you a more difficult target
Excellent
And remember, class, what is our motto?
The class, let's rock together
Start the fight together
We're gonna get you and the kids
You and the kids, you and the kids
These kids today, there wouldn't be all this violence
In the school that the teachers were allowed to discipline
You betcha, Boots
Settling was good enough for us
It's good enough for them
You put a sting on a kid's butt
And you'll get through to his head
It's these bleeding hearts
You've got to walk their psyches or something
Psyches, we never had psyches when we were kids
We never messed up
Yes, sir, you muck my words
These kids would be safe from all this violence
In that teachers are allowed to knock that snot out of them
Ah-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya
He's white, he's blonde
He's middle class
And he's the baddest hot-pink ever to half the 40-ounter
He's dinners, the menace to society
To make sure we're power
Society, this boy's in the hood
And he's up to no good
All this violence has got me really scared.
Well, you know, son, I don't like to talk about it,
but I'm most strange at violence myself.
It was a long time ago.
I was just a kid.
It was night.
We were riding by another kid's house
when I stuck it out the window.
And then, I just remember the sound of it going off.
The way the car shook.
The way that kid was standing there one minute,
and then he was blasting across the yard the next.
Dad, you mean you were involved in a-
That's right, son, and drive by pooting.
Aw.
Too much potato salad and red beans.
I don't know, but I swear, it went off accidentally.
Touching story, Dad.
Listen, do you think I could go to another school?
No way.
That mean we'd have to move.
Mom, I don't know what to do about this gang stuff.
Oh, gosh, honey, I don't know.
I'm just a TV mom.
I mean, this is a real problem in the real world.
If you had a zit on the end of your nose,
I could bake you some cookies,
and we could talk about how beautiful you are inside.
But this, I don't know.
Well, I feel like kind of a wuss
if I don't join the game.
Well, mind you, this is coming from a graduate
of the Dune Cleaver School of Advice.
But it seems to me that if you're surrounded by violence,
take more courage not to be a part of it.
Thanks, Dune.
I mean, Mom.
Now how about them cookies?
That dream, what a relief.
Now I can go to school in peace.
Yo, Adam, what up, G?
Not much.
Just wait for classes to start.
How come you're not wearing your colors?
Colors?
Yeah, you either got to be a crud or a gimp.
G.
See, those are only two gangs in this school.
For free is a theme song and all the credits.
Can anybody hear me?
Smell what I smell?
Is it old socks?
Is it raffid milk?
Wait, I know that's the unmistakable odor
of my lovable pal, Ren.
That means Ren and Stimpy is next.
Oh, I snick for joy.
Thank you God, there's a nickel in it, a virgin.
So how long has it been since you've seen your daughter?
Two years.
He doesn't know what to say.
Hi.
He doesn't know where to turn.
Daddy!
What are you talking about?
What's that?
All he knows...
He's being a little terrible right now.
...is that he'd do anything for her.
From the creator of Terms of Endearment
comes a new comedy, I'll Do Anything.
I love you more than anybody.
Rated PG-13 at theaters Friday.
Are you going to sleep all day?
I'm going to sleep here.
I got an idea.
Let's get some corn pops.
We don't have any.
They don't have Kellogg's corn pops?
Get serious.
I am.
She isn't.
Oh, my sweet crunchy popcorn.
I can almost taste it.
And I'm not spending my weekend with someone who snorts
which I'm going to tell everybody at school
if I can have my pops.
Come on, girls.
I bought those corn pops.
Want a bowl?
Well, sure.
That's what you got.
Kellogg's corn pop cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
I got to have my pops.
People eat eyelash snacks.
It's like for kids.
And that's part of the week.
I love it.
It's happening.
Snacks.
There I am at the game.
It's a beautiful day.
Blue skies, hint of a freeze.
The crowd is yelling all around me.
Hey, shut up.
I can smell the hot dogs.
I can feel the tension in the air.
I am so close.
I can see every drop of sweat.
I am there.
And then suddenly, the best part of all hits me.
I don't have to leave early to get out of the parking lot.
Total Home Theater, only at Smith's Home Punitions.
Yo!
Are you hip to these?
I am in the dough.
Because here's where Ago Minis were made to go.
In your mouth.
Who needs a plate?
Because they made it to your face.
In your mouth.
They're mega yum.
Ago Minis.
Show them how it's done.
You can pop them in your mouth.
Moving up and down.
Give them all you got.
Where's they going to stop?
In your mouth.
Try them all for size.
Ago Minis.
Open wide.
Don't play with your Ago.
Don't bar off.
Ago Minis and waffles are side of your mouth.
Ago Minis, part of this complete breakfast.
That's made you fit.
In your mouth.
Hi, I'm Jimmy Workman and this is true stories from famous people.
True stories from famous people.
I play Pugsley and the Adams Family Values.
And my nickname is Puggy.
P-U-G-G-I-E.
When I was little, I wanted to shave my head bald
and see what would happen.
My dad took me and he said it was my hair.
So I shaved my head.
Like, co-jacked.
I ran up to my mom the next day.
She just got off the plane.
And she was looking for my dad.
And she was wondering who the stray kid was running up to her.
And they were going, mommy, mommy, mommy.
And I was hugging her.
And she's like, uh, someone lose this child.
It's actually pretty fun.
I didn't have to worry about combing it.
I don't have to worry about combing it with this hairstyle
either.
Actually, I don't mind this haircut.
All the girls rub your head.
Now I'm starting to say, rub my head
and you make a wish and it'll come true.
So everybody does.
For more true stories, keep watching Nick.
Whether he's under fire or underwater,
Ace Ventura, detective.
Do not go in there.
Rated PG-13.
Starts Friday, February 4th at a theater near you.
Don't stay out in the sun too long, Ren.
You know you have delicate skin.
Be quiet, you idiot.
Can't you see I'm operating?
Hey, who's kicking sand?
Why you, I'll knock you into next week.
Who are you gonna, what, skinny?
Oh.
Did you say something weeny boy?
Oh, no, sir.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Oh, by the way, I wasn't kicking sand.
Thank you, sir.
Come on, dolls.
Let's go play for quackies.
Well, Ren, where did your little friends go?
All through playing?
Look at Miss Tempin.
What a pathetic windfire.
If only I had huge pectoral muscle.
My friend, that's exactly what you need.
Charles Globe.
World famous fitness guru and socialite gadfly.
If you had large pectoral muscles,
no one would ever push you around again.
But I am too evil to work out.
Work out?
Why, I've never worked out a day in my life.
And look at me.
Haven't you ever heard of pectoplasty?
We're living in the future, my friend.
All you have to do is remove fat cells from one part of your body
and have them implanted into your pectoral void.
Look how it changed me.
I'll always be a wimp,
for I have no fat cells to implant.
Lots of fat cells, Ren.
You can have some of mine.
Your fat cells?
Don't worry, Ren.
After all, I am a card-carrying professional donor.
Ah, Stimpy.
You are my true friend.
Paging Dr. Howard.
Dr. Fine.
Dr. Howard.
Endoplasmic verticulomane.
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
Oh, serious.
All right, Mr. Horc.
Just relax and breathe deeply.
Stimpy.
Yes.
If I don't make it.
Save.
The patient sedated.
I'll carve.
Knife.
Cunts.
Thank you.
Uh-oh.
Wow.
Clamp.
Man.
Keep in common.
Well, the patient's open and receptive.
Pectoral implant material?
Yes, doctor.
Grotto botfat.
Oh, kiddoke.
Stimpy, if I don't get these wraps off,
I'm gonna die of itching.
Me too.
All right, boys.
What do you say we take these bandages off?
Stimpy!
Just relax.
This won't take long.
Don't worry, son.
You still have your wits.
Hey, doc.
Me next.
Me me.
Do me.
All right.
Scooby-dooby-dee-da.
Booba-dooba-wa-wa.
Yabba-dabba-a-a.
Zippy-dee-ba-bum-bum.
Doc, I feel great.
Powerful.
Dangerous.
At last.
Come on, you.
We're going to the beach.
Check it out.
Wow.
Well, well, well.
If it isn't the little mosquito man
with big new muscles no less,
have you come to teach me a lesson?
Ouch!
Get him off of me!
Well, that's that.
Hey, Stimpy.
Me and the babes are going to take off.
Oh, so you're leaving then?
Yeah, I guess it's time for me to move on.
Oh, pal.
Well, I'm not surprised.
You don't need me slowing you down now.
Here.
A muscle shirt.
I knitted it just for you.
It's beautiful.
Thanks, man.
You go on now.
Go.
Go on before you change my mind.
Get out of here.
Go.
Oh.
Finally.
Ren can be happy.
So there you have it.
Who would have thought that from the sad and humble beginnings
that I was destined to become a Hollywood legend?
First, I did a few action pictures.
Action.
Cut.
Print it.
I did a little modeling work around town.
You know, beefcake stuff.
I tell you, the media couldn't get enough of you.
Now here I sit, wallowing in the glory of my fame and fortune,
but I've never forgotten that I owe it all to one person.
One friend who was there for me when I needed him.
Yes, sir. I owe it all to...
Your prune smoothie, sir.
Huh? Oh, yeah. Thanks.
Hey.
Yes, sir?
These straws facing the wrong way.
Oh, sorry, sir.
Forgive me.
That's better.
Huh?
Hey, you. Come back here.
Yes, sir.
You look familiar.
You work here long?
No, sir.
You started today.
Get back to work.
Yes, sir.
He's so happy.
Now where was I?
Oh, yeah.
The guy who made it all possible.
Charles Claude.
Ren, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
all new season of Spine Penguin Tales.
On Are You Afraid of the Dark? Only on Snick.
From Touchstone Pictures,
she's after the man of her dreams.
And she won't let the truth...
I told him you were my lover.
Or her father...
Are you out of your mind?
...stand in her way.
When I start lying, I can't stop.
Now things are getting out of hand.
He'll think I'm some kind of liar.
You are.
And only her dad can help her out.
I missed him.
You.
I'm smiling.
I think he's buying it.
Gerard Depardieu.
My Father the Hero, rated PG.
Starts Friday, February 4th at a theater near you.
A team by success.
The turtles lost their savage edge.
Greed is dead.
It's a new breed carved from the streets.
Concrete fist, battered alien flesh.
One on one.
As power joins forces with rage.
Ripping through fear.
And no one sheds a tear for mutilated mutants.
Giant warriors crushed by streets of turtles.
Who have shed soft shells for a high dose of reality.
The Konami's Tournament Fighters.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
There's no need to bear.
Underdog is here.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
Nickelodeon the only network for?
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
I'm Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
Are you tired of having your out-of-town guests sleep on an old uncomfortable hideaway bed?
Northwest Bhutan has the solutions.
Our convertible couch package includes Bhutan frame and cover starting at $2.79.
Or our slumber bed frame, all sizes twin double queen and king, for the low price of $79 while supplies last.
Add a cozy wolf Bhutan during our winter wool sale.
At Northwest Bhutan, we're expecting your unexpected guests.
Bird Boys offers low prices on liquidations and one-of-a-kind close-outs.
Plus a huge assortment of variety and hardware items for your everyday needs.
Like 7-ounce boxes of arm and hammer, pet fresh carpet deodorizer, only 4 for a dollar.
Or Elan facial tissues, just 69 cents.
And 2-3 packs of value-bright standard light bulbs are just $1.
Our prices speak for themselves.
Shop Bird Boys first 7 days a week in Vancouver on 4th Plain and in Hazeldale on Highway 99.
And now, back to the glow of the Renan Stimpey show.
What did security men to guard president?
Big money!
We're here about the job, protecting the president?
Mr. Big Butt, sir?
Sergeant Big Butt!
So, you maggots want to guard the president, huh?
Do you know what that entails?
Do you know what we'd give you if you just graced our country?
You'd get towels!
I like towels.
Oh, you like towels, huh?
Good.
A ten-hut!
Freezy head towels!
Ten-hut, people!
Thanks!
Gosh, I just love military tradition.
All right, ladies, this is the president.
You will scrub away every single speck of dirt from the president.
I will demonstrate.
I got Jefferson a good one, right in the eye today.
Hey!
Take that!
Okay, you weasels!
Get to work!
And don't screw up.
Wrecking, fracking, every speck of dirt.
Fui!
And I want a bike and a Betsy Wetzer self-doll
and a cheesy bake oven and a pulpy-the-pop doll
and a Jillian Armyman and a...
Get down from there!
That's not Santa Claus!
It's a memorial!
A memorial?
I didn't know Santa Claus was dead!
You are so stupid.
Am I?
Idiot!
Don't you recognize President Willard P. Fillmore when you see him?
Now get back to work!
I want to see his mirror!
Isn't he nice?
And what a mole.
Abraham Lincoln!
Yep, he was a great man.
And I hear till there's a treasure in his head.
Closing time!
We're closed now! Go home!
Euren, you must be mistaken.
We're supposed to be open for another 18 hours!
No! That was yesterday!
Goodbye! Drop in again!
How do I get inside that head?
I think I'm stuck!
Uh, see the president pick his nose!
I've got five cents!
I'll have you out of there in a jiffy, Ren!
Okay, Steampie. Begin!
Ren?
Yes?
Why are we doing this again?
To find out what's inside the president's head!
Oh heck, Ren!
I know what's inside the president's head!
You do!
The president's head is full of beautiful,
glorious, golden,
yes, yes, caramel corn!
Heave-ho, heave-ho!
Ah, that's it!
Now grab the head and whatever you do, don't drop!
Oops! Oh, you meant the president's head!
Boy, Ren, are you ever going to get insh-
Shut up!
Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy, I'm going to be rich!
Where's that old treasure?
Come on! Get out of here, you old treasure!
I know it's here some!
Joy!
Carmel-y, carmel-y, corny, corns!
My thing!
Carmel corn!
Carmel corn in the president's head!
Stop eating your fool and help me!
Now get up there and glue that head back together!
Pronto!
Okay, Ren, all finished!
What do you think? Huh? Huh?
Yeah, nincompoop! That's the wrong president!
Do it over!
Okay, Ren, whatever you say.
How's that, Ren?
Do it again!
That's it, Ren! We broke it too many times!
Hmm, got to find the replacement head.
Hey, Stimpy! Try these out for size!
Why, Stimpy, it's beautiful!
Okay, Squirrel, hand over your nuts or we'll murder lies you!
Now what do we do?
I know! We will use a penny that has Lincoln's face on it!
No, too small! Don't use this!
No, no, Ren, try this!
Too ugly! How about the Statue of Liberty's head?
Yes, that's it! That's... that's... terrible!
I got it, Ren!
We'll use this dumpster.
Now you're starting to use your head!
And I'll let it face with this chalk.
There! How does it look?
Hmm, needs hair.
Thanks, guys! I was thinking about redecorating anyway!
There's only one thing left to do.
You'll have to beg the spirit of all godly stape for help in our hour of need.
Don't worry, Ren. I'm sure he'll help us.
Like heck I will!
You have anything to say before I kill you!
Let me explain.
He did it!
Yes, Johnny, chicken in every garage!
Mom's apple pie and rubber nipples for everyone!
Yup, this is what America is all about!
Today night is the best night. It is great!
When's the last time a squid caused a nuclear explosion?
A family drag race to the Hoover Dam?
A 10-year-old stayed up for 11 days!
Hey, this kind of stuff happens every week
when you happen to be two brothers with the same name!
Nickelodeon presents the all-new Adventures of Pete & Pete at school,
on the open road, even in their own backyard.
Let's do it!
Go on the all-new Adventures of Pete & Pete every week,
Sundays at 6-5 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
Plus a week, make that kitty very broiled for your love for those E.M.A. snacks.
Yes, let Kellogg's snacks be part of your complete breakfast.
No, no, no, no, no!
Who's there?
It's me, Rocky D, with Brock's Rocks!
The cool, chewy fruity candy to get to your rocking.
One free and specially marked boxes of Kellogg's snacks cereal.
Poetry in motion!
A arithmetic is where numbers fly like pigeons in and out of your head!
A arithmetic tells you how many you lose or win,
if you know how many you had, before you lost or won.
A arithmetic is 7-11, all good children go to heaven!
Or 5-6, bundle of sticks!
A arithmetic is numbers you squeeze from your head to your hand to your pencil to your paper.
Until you get the answer.
If you have two animal crackers, one good and one bad, and you eat one,
and a straight zebra will strip you over and it's the other.
How many animal crackers will you have?
If some of you have 5-6, 7, and you say no, no, no,
and you say nae, nae, nae, and you say nix, nix, nix.
If you asked your mother for one fried egg for breakfast,
and she gives you two fried eggs, and you eat both of them,
who is better at arithmetic? You or your mother?
If kids like me were running the world, I'd finally have my own room,
and no one but my friends would be allowed to come in,
because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set that I'll use to fix the ozone layer
and to cure that thing that happens to your head when you eat ice cream too fast.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack, I'll just go downstairs,
because I'm having a Mickey D's bit on the back of our house.
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy whenever we want.
Jonathan Edward Moore, pipe down or you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
It could happen.
Nix for you today, tomorrow, the day after that, for Labor Day.
Groundhog's Day on Washington's birthday, on your birthday,
on Mother's Day, Father's Day, Stay Home from School Sick Day,
on Thanksgiving Day, the first day of spring,
on a snow day, on Memorial Day,
Stay Home from School when you're not really sick day,
on Valentine's Day, on a summer day, on Columbus Day,
but not on April Fool's Day.
Just kidding, Nick is every day.
Tremble.
Cackle.
Quiver.
Freak cringe.
So, who's turns it tonight?
Tucker.
Where is your sweet little bro?
You mean he isn't here yet?
I knew that little puke was gonna be trouble.
Don't worry, he's here.
Am I missing something?
Tucker?
Yeah.
We're all set.
Go.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm telling my story this way, because if you think about it,
a telephone is probably the scariest thing in your house.
Say what?
You might feel safe with your doors and windows locked,
but all someone has to do is dial your number.
You answer the phone and bingo, they're inside.
But it's just their voice.
Yeah, but when you pick up that phone,
you made a connection, and it might be to a place
that you don't want to be connected to.
Do you have the pouch?
We're all set.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story.
The tale of the phone, please.
You go.
What are you scared of?
Yeah, uh, hello.
This is the Acme Appliance Company.
Is your refrigerator running?
Yeah.
And you better run after it before it gets away.
Lame.
Very lame.
Listen and learn, my friend.
And hello to you, ma'am.
This is radio station KZIT, KZIT,
and you have just been selected to be one of our lucky contestants.
Now, to qualify for an all-expense-paid dream vacation,
all you have to do is answer one easy question.
Listen carefully.
In centimeters, exactly how wide does Antarctica?
You have 10 seconds.
Hurry, ma'am.
Don't let this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity slip away.
You have four, three, two, one, and cut!
What are you doing?
No, what are you doing, making prank calls again?
No, I was trying to get Mom and Dad.
Look, pal, I'm in charge here while they're on vacation,
so stop acting like a little wart.
I can't believe you're letting him talk you into this stuff.
You're not gonna tell Mom and Dad, are you?
Forget Mom and Dad.
You're gonna get tagged by the phone police.
He is zero.
Phone police?
What are the phone police?
You're kidding, right?
You've never heard of the phone police?
Uh, no.
Well, uh, the phone has certain rules of operation.
You don't leave it off the hook.
You don't let it ring too long.
And you don't make stupid calls like my blood little brother.
She's making this up.
You think so, eh?
Well, keep messing with the phone,
and you'll end up like the Baxter kid.
Who's the Baxter kid?
Billy Baxter.
Happened a long time ago.
He's making prank calls,
and the phone police got him.
Oh, give me a break.
It's true.
I never saw him again.
How do you know all this?
Everybody knows about the Baxter kid,
except you, my vacant sibling.
You mess with the phone?
You answer to the phone police.
Wanna make a call?
I gotta go.
Good thing one of you guys has some brains.
Chris, you don't believe that stuff, do you?
It doesn't matter. It's no fun anyway.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Chris?
Phone police? Yeah, right.
Give me a minute.
You miss Angelo B. Ben Billy Baxter?
It's only got six numbers. This won't work.
Hello? Yeah.
It must have been Andy pulling a chain.
It was unplugged, Chris. How could you make it ring?
I don't know. Maybe it was a dream.
Can't be.
So answer it. No way. You answer it.
Hello? That guy last night.
Did he sound like this?
No. He's got it. He could be out.
Help me out of here.
Lose this. We gotta do something.
Number one, number four.
Make this.
Yes?
How can we find out where this number comes from?
There's only six numbers, and we thought it was foreign or something.
It's not foreign. It's old and discontinued.
It can't be. We just called it and got somebody.
You called this number and got an answer?
Well, sort of. It was more like static, but someone was there.
Then they started calling me back.
The records department is in the basement.
They'll take care of it.
Thanks.
What can I do for you?
The lady upstairs said you could tell us who has this number.
See. We don't get very many of these nowadays.
Go on back.
Using the phone to tell a couple of jokes, eh?
What?
Just stand there, young fella.
Take care of him.
Figure it out.
I know, because you're a real smart kid.
You got here quicker than anyone ever has.
Afraid of the dark? Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
This February, Nickelodeon is taking ordinary afternoons
and making them legendary,
because now Legends of the Hidden Temple is on every weekday.
This rock is ready to roll.
Face the temple's challenges, ponder the ancient riddles,
and see ordinary kids live out legendary adventures
every single solitary weekday afternoon.
The temple beckons heed the call.
And let Nick make your afternoons legendary
on Legends of the Hidden Temple,
starting next month at 53430 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
It's pink. It's white.
It's cool.
And the color stays till you change it back.
There are micro-machines that change color in warm and cold water,
yet for free and specially marked micro-machines vehicle collections.
They're free.
While supplies last.
Hurry!
There's only one way to make the coolest games even cooler.
Game Genie. Get this.
Game Genie's got the secret codes for Mortal Kombat.
And if you think Mortal Kombat is awesome now,
wait until you play it with Game Genie.
Game Genie eats sold separately for most video game systems.
The midnight deciding hours, how much you like scary tales.
So every Saturday night, we're saving a spot for you.
On the only network for you.
Now the sneaking begins again with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Who is this?
Have you forgotten already? It's Billy Baxter.
Oh man, what is this place?
Why am I here?
You never should have on the unconscious.
No, I'm gonna call my parents.
But on that phone you won't. It only takes the incoming call.
But you called me.
That's cause you called me first.
You'll be lucky to stay on the phone.
Someone might hear you someday.
Wait, don't hang up.
Yeah, yeah, hang up.
Hey Annie, they got Jake.
Just like you said. It's the phone please.
We went down to the phone company.
Who are you and how do you know my name?
What? It's me.
Get out of here before I phone you.
Hey, it's me, Chris. Jake's friend.
They got him.
I don't know you and I don't know any Jake.
Comacops.
Wait, Jake's your brother.
What is with you?
Look, I don't have any brother, okay?
Now get out of here.
You're not kidding, are you?
No, I'm not kidding. I'll be in you.
Hey!
I'll prove it to you.
This is Jake's bed.
Boom.
Are you gonna get out of here or do I call the cops?
The cops, yeah.
You told us a story about the phone police
and a kid named Billy Baxter.
You know the story?
Yeah, I know it.
Except the way I heard it, they got a kid named O'Brien.
A Jake O'Brien.
Jake O'Brien?
Those guys work fast.
Is he old?
Jake, take it easy. It's me.
Chris, get me out of here, man. This place is nuts.
I didn't do anything wrong. You gotta help me.
Whoa, calm down.
Get Annie, get my parents.
I can't do that, Jake.
Why not? You gotta do something or I'll be stuck in here forever.
Listen, this whole thing is weirder than you even know.
I'm scared, Chris.
Me too, but I got a plan.
Maybe we can beat the phone police at the wrong game.
Hey, kid, I told ya. Answer the phone!
I gotta tell you something.
After you got caught, what's your house?
That's Jake and Annie, your brother.
You gotta remember him now.
Where do you get these friends from, Jake?
Do you order them from the bag of comics?
You remember him? You know who he is?
Yeah.
In fact, I'd like to forget him if it could.
Believe us.
Your room's back to normal.
What are you two yams talking about?
Don't answer it.
You two are losing it.
Annie, do you-
Phone police?
Airhead, I made that up.
But it's true, they caught me.
Yeah, I wish.
This pizza, jumbo extra cheese, all dressed, all the anchovies.
Did you guys order pizza?
Two, three, eight, nine.
I believe you guys bought that story with the phone police.
I'm talking about Gullible.
I'm gonna lie down.
I'm exhausted.
It did happen though, didn't it?
Brother Prankle.
Because they were never sure if the phone police were really real.
Or if they could believe anything else,
they ever saw again.
The end.
Excellent, Tucker.
Great story, Tucker.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.